#To Test


1. **On Player join** - Does it gets triggered during test mode ?
<br> In situation of (already there or placed in the scene)
    
    1. Test Enemy response on player join and left 
        1. (auto (through coop), manual, and during gameplay)
    
    2. Test if locking system is updated on Enemy side on different situations.
       List all possible situations
        1. Player Joined in game
        2. Player locked you
        3. Player died/left without releasing the lock
        4. Player died/left releasing the lock
        5. Player respawned
        6. Both Player1 and Player2 are locking you
            1. Visual Cue 
                1. No need to update Visual Cue for two player lock ?
                2. Update Visual cue for two player lock ?
                    
        7. Player1 locked you Player2 released you and vice versa
        8. Both player died
        
    3. Is OnPlayerJoin and OnPlayerLeft required on Manual testing
    
<br>    
2. On Player join through CoopSystem
    1. Test Locking system update to Enemy
    
    
    
    
Current Tracking.

ToDo
    
    Enemy Locking System
    
    Switching Based on Forward Of Player (left and right)
    1. Left Right Locking System
        Expected behaviour
            1. Left Switch ->
                Filter Whoever is in the Gun Range
                Start scanning from last enemy locked to left side
                If already someone on top -> switch there -> then switch left whoever is closest in terms of x direction from last enemy
                    which means  
                            E3
                        E1      E2
                        
                                P1
                    Current Lock is E2, next left switch should be E3 not E1
                    And if someone is on top of E2, switch to that top and then if pressed again -> then switch to E3
                    
            2. Similar to Right Switch
            
    2. Question what about situation when Player is ahead of Enemy
        
        TRICKY --- Later
                P1
                
        E1      E3
            E2
            
            
            